So where are we going?
And how do you know
where the Numbers are?
I found them... in the
depths of your memories.
My memories?
What do you mean?
You will find out soon enough.
But before you
search for the Numbers,
you must find him.
Who?
(Astral)
The map your father sent us
is indicating the location
of the second Mythirian Number.
Whoa.
It's in some ruins
on a remote island.
Sounds like this
could be tricky.
And ''tricky'
means ''dangerous.'
Bring it on!
Let's get this search
party started!
♪♪
♪ Still together
as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪ You know
we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe
it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final
night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
Thank you, sir.
Your generous donation made this
children's library possible.
There's no need to thank me.
I'm just glad I could do
something for the kids.
It's all set, sir.
They'll be at the harbor
with the stuff tonight.
Remember, all I care
about is the stuff.
If anything or anyone gets in
your way you know what to do...
Uh, yes sir, of course...
(man)
I'm shocked.
In public he's the compassionate
politician who'll do anything
for the people.
But behind closed doors,
he's a crooked con-man
who'll do anything
to get the edge.
You have a split personality.
You little punk!
I wonder which one is the real
you, Congressman Parker.
Well, that depends on if you're
asking me or the congressman.
You are different.
You are no ordinary human.
Because I'm not a human.
I am Vector, one of the
seven Barian Emperors,
and your loyal subject.
You have got to be joking.
A Barian emperor...
wants to be my minion?
Yes.
You deserve to be
the one true emperor,
and I can be the one
to help you do it.
Why me and not you?
We both have the same goals,
but you're more
powerful than I am.
It makes more sense.
If you think we both have the
same goals, you are wrong.
Neither of us has any interest
in saving Astral World.
True, but I don't feel like
saving Barian World either.
Well maybe I'm feeling
the exact same way.
Oh?
Let me prove it to you.
What if I give you the
location of a new Number?
You know where a Number is?
I told you I could
help you, didn't I?
Wait a second,
is that a Barian card?
You are willing to
give me Barian power?
I'll do whatever it takes
to make you invincible.
All right then.
I will go along with your plan.
I borrowed this man's
body so I could have
fun ruining the human world,
but I was becoming rather bored.
Come now, my pet!
That hurt.
We told you to stay
in your seat, Yuma.
The ride seems a lot
bumpier this time.
This turbulence is an unusual
and troubling phenomenon.
I wonder what could
be its cause?
I guess this is our
in-flight entertainment.
Charming spot to
find a new Number.
(Vector)
What's this feeling?
Like something's taken over!
It's not funny!
So you can feel it?
What did you just do?
You do not need to
know right now.
Tell me!
Silence!
You are to set your
sights on Number 96.
You must absorb his power.
(Vector)
I will.
I'm just waiting for
the right moment.
Excuse me!
Sorry.
I'm coming.
All right.
So which way do we go now?
This way.
Well.
I suppose you've
been here before.
No, but I'm familiar with
the legend of this ruin.
Hey guys... this is it.
That's where the
Mythyrian Number is.
Okay, let's go inside.
Yuma...
this place feels dangerous.
Dangerous?
I just think that the best thing
to do is stay out of there.
But then how will
we acquire the Number?
Well, we'll have to
do it carefully.
Kind of spooky in here.
Look at the walls.
All these drawings
must tell a story.
It's the story
of the ancients...
and their sadness.
So what are they grieving about?
Could we just find the Number
and get out of here, please?
The grief of those
past lives sheds tears
and it can't be healed by time.
This is the legend
of this cursed place.
Ages ago, a cruel prince
lived in this palace
and ruled the island.
He looked on all
people with suspicion,
so he drove all his
people into exile,
but the hateful
prince soon discovered
he had left himself in exile!
I'm fine now.
(Astral)
This ancient ruler...
why would he betray
those he should have protected?
Guess this place is cursed.
(Vector)
This is the where the ruler
of this island dealt with
his enemies, where he
would pass judgment on them.
I have a feeling I would
have liked this guy.
They're here.
Yuma and Astral are here.
(Dark Mist)
Good.
Now I will crush them just
as that ancient prince
crushed his enemies.
No, you won't!
I'm going to defeat Yuma,
you got that?
(Don Thousand)
This is not your time.
(Vector)
What? What is
Don Thousand doing?
To help me crush those fools,
I must retrieve that Number.
What's going on?
So you 're the one who' s
protecting the Number.
I see.
You apparently
want a duel to prove
which one of us is stronger.
I'm ready!
Duel!
How do we know which
way we should go now?
That star must be some
kind of guidepost.
But maybe not.
Yeah, it could be
some kind of trap.
Don't worry.
Just follow me.
What's that weird
rumbling sound?
What do we do?
Run!
Yuma it's getting closer!
Just keep running!
Another star!
Well, no harm done.
What?
We followed your lead and
we almost wound up squashed
by a gigantic boulder!
Pretty exciting, huh?
I wonder who left
those star symbols.
I bet it was my dad.
Why would your dad leave them?
Oh 'cause he's always
doin' stuff like that.
He must've marked the
path with stars to show
the best way to avoid the trap.
Well that was smart thinking...
Yeah, I am pretty smart.
She was talking
about him, not you!
I don't like it here!
Are you all right?
What the...
We... where are we?
Hey, Yuma!
Yuma!
Hey, guys... are
you all okay?
I'm good.
Guess this was a trap.
Yuma 's father isn' t as
special as I thought.
(Vector)
Well, look who's here.
Hello, Yuma.
Vector!
Are you not going to
call me Ray anymore?
I guess that means
we're not as good friends
as we used to be.
You were never my friend!
I hate to break
the news to you, Yuma,
but I've already taken the
Number you came here for.
Why you...
But since you went to the
trouble to come all the way
here, let's have fun.
Let's have a duel and
the winner gets the Number.
Anything to make sure
you don't get it!
Well in that case, I'll have to
upgrade you to a ringside seat.
Yuma!
I suppose I should mention
that if you don't know how
the mechanics of this thing
works, there's no getting out!
The Number's taught me a lot
about the little tricks
and traps in the
Labyrinth of Screams.
That's what they
call it, you know.
Quit messing with me!
There's no way I can fight
a duel from this puny pedestal!
You won't have to.
You 're not the one who' s
doing the dueling.
Astral is.
Wait, what? Astral?
Don't trust him, Yuma,
don't let Astral duel!
Now, now, now.
This is not Yuma's decision.
That is true.
No, Astral!
I have decided to accept
your challenge.
Let us begin.
I never said
I would duel, Astral.
This can't be!
It is Number 96!
Nice to see you again, Astral,
especially in such a perfect
setting for an all out duel.
Here's the Number.
Shall we start?
So you being here,
does this mean you have
teamed with that Barian?
He sought me out and
begged me to help him.
I felt bad for
the boy and I agreed.
Now I will duel you
and defeat you!
That will not happen.
Yuma, I need to duel
with your cards!
Yeah!
Things are different now,
Astral, I'm much more powerful.
And there's no way
you can beat me!
Let us duel!
I draw!
I summon Malicevorous Spoon!
Then by sending Malicevorous
Knife to the graveyard,
I can summon Malicevorous Fork.
I'm not finished setting
the table for your defeat!
Malicevorous Spoon
lets me summon another
Malicevorous monster
from my graveyard!
Slice and dice,
Malicevorous Knife!
He's already got three
Level 2 monsters.
I overlay Level 2 Malicevorous
Spoon, Knife and Fork!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon my ''alter ego,'
my evil avatar...
Number 96, Dark Mist!
Not that again!
Whenever Dark Mist battles,
if it uses one Overlay Unit,
it steals half the opponent
monster's attack points,
and adds those precious
attack points to itself.
In other words, Dark Mist's
special ability ensures that it
will always have at
least 100 attack points
more than its opponent.
So you'll always be
playing catch up.
Now I end my turn.
Your move!
Very well then.
I draw!
I summon Toy Knight
from my hand!
I can summon it when I have
no monsters on my field.
And now I summon
another Toy Knight!
Okay Astral, the stage is set!
Summon Utopia!
If you think you're fooling me,
you're making a fateful mistake.
I know that the reason you
summoned two Toy Knights
isn't so you can summon Utopia.
It's because you're trying
to make Dark Mist use
its Overlay Units on
the those Toy Knights.
Since those monsters don't have
many attack points, you think
you've found the way to limit
the damage you'll have to take.
I activate the trap
Small Stopper!
Thanks to its effect, monsters
with 1,000 or fewer attack
points on the
field can't attack.
And when monsters in
attack mode don't attack,
you take 1,000 points of damage
at the end of the turn.
This stinks.
Now Astral can't attack
with his Toy Knights
and he's gonna take
1,000 points of damage.
I overlay my two
Level 4 Toy Knights!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Appear, Number 39:
Utopia!
I know the Toy Knights
couldn't attack anymore
but if you think Utopia's
gonna help, you're wrong.
No way Utopia
can beat Dark Mist!
This isn't gonna work, Astral!
Yuma, do you think
I would summon Utopia
without good reason?
What's he mean?
I activate the equip
spell Guard Robe Exchange
from my hand!
Cloak Utopia with 500
additional attack points!
Utopia, attack Dark Mist!
I activate Dark Mist's
special ability!
It uses one Overlay Unit
to steal half
your monster's attack points.
Shadow Gain!
That thing's strong enough
to take out Utopia!
Face the facts, Astral,
your friend is right!
Only if I do not act.
What?
Witness as Guard Robe
Exchange's effect activates!
When Utopia's attack
points change,
you take damage
equal to the change!
And that change equals
1,500 points of damage.
Astral used Dark Mist's
special ability against him.
And now, I use one
of Utopia's Overlay Units
to negate this battle!
All right!
The first round goes to Astral!
That was impressive.
But you don't think
I'm stupid enough
to take damage
for nothing, do you?
Meaning?
What's that?
Yuma!
What's going on?
(Vector)
Oh, I forgot to mention.
Every time Number 96 loses life
points, you my former friend
might end up losing more
than just a hair or two.
What? Are you insane?
Oh, man...
So every time Astral
attacks him...
He'll put Yuma in great danger!
That's just evil.
Say whatever you like,
but I bring much more
than cards to this duel.
This Labyrinth of Screams is an
elaborate trap that makes every
one of your moves
extremely dangerous.
And so, if you win...
Yuma doesn't.